### Note :
---
* Choose a branch from the available options.
* Pick the semester or year from the dropdown menu.
* Choose the scheme batch from the dropdown list.
* <button type="button" class="btn btn-success">View</button>button to view the selected scheme.
*  <button type="button" class="btn btn-warning">Create New Scheme </button> button to begin creating a new scheme.
* Choose the Min. Subjects and Max. Subjects as required.
* Define the actions for the scheme.
* <button type="button" class="btn btn-primary">Save</button>button to save the new scheme.

### List of Created Schemes :
* Scheme ID (SchId): The unique identifier for the scheme.
* Scheme Title: The name of the scheme.
* Year of Syllabus Commencement: The year the syllabus started.
* <button type="button" class="btn btn-primary">View Scheme</button>
* Scheme Details: Comprehensive information about the scheme.
* List of Scheme Subjects: Subjects included in the scheme.
* List of Subject Types: Types of subjects categorized in the scheme.
* To add or remove subjects, click the  <button type="button" class="btn btn-secondary">Add/Remove Subject</button>  button.
* A list of already added subjects is displayed, along with options to delete specific subjects.
* <button type="button" class="btn btn-success">Download Report</button> for download reports .
* <button type="button" class="btn btn-warning">Upload Scheme</button> by Secheme File and then click on <button type="button" class="btn btn-primary">Save</button>
* <button type="button" class="btn btn-primary">Lock Scheme</button> button to finalize the scheme.
#### Requirements to Lock:
*The maximum number of subjects specified in the "View Scheme" must be fully filled with all subjects in the list.

### List of Locked Schemes 
* If the maximum number of subjects is provided, all columns for the locked schemes will be displayed.

  



