This module contains the following two sections:

##### Packet Receive 
* The **Packet Receive** feature allows the secrecy branch to receive the packets from the teacher after the evaluation is complete.

##### How to use:
* Select Exam Session.
* Select teachers(Only teachers who have locked their packets will appear in the list).
* Click the View button, it will display two tables: **Packets Not Received** and **Packets Already Received**.
* In first table click on the Receive button corresponding to packet you are receiving.
* After receiving the packet, it will be available for further actions at the secrecy level.

##### Secrecy Marks Entry
* After receiving the packet, you will be moved to this section for further processing at the secrecy level.

##### How to use:
* Select an exam session, then click the View button to see the list of exam packets for the selected session. The displayed packets are locked by teachers and ready for processing.
* You will see three options in the table: Update Marks, Lock, and Percentage.
* Click on the Update button, you will see the list of students to update their marks, and their original roll numbers.
* Fill in the students' marks and roll numbers based on the fictitious roll numbers, then click the Update button.
* After updating the marks and roll numbers, you need to lock the packet for further processing.
* Click on the Lock button in the table to lock the packet.
* Once locked, the packet will be removed from the table, and you can proceed to the mismatch updation module for further processing.
* You can also check the pass percentage of students by clicking the Percentage button in the table.
