#### Note
* This is the final stage of the evaluation process. This module contains the following two sections:
##### Mismatch Update
After receiving the packet from the teacher and processing it at the secrecy level, the packets will be displayed there for further actions and mismatch updation.
##### How to Use:
* select the Exam Session.
* Click the View button,it will display two tables: **Packets to Update Mismatch & Lock** and **Packets Already Locked**.
* In the first table, you will see the mismatch count found during the evaluation and secrecy marks updation process in the **Mismatch Count** column.
* To update the mismatch, click the Update Marks button, and you will see a list of only those students who have mismatches.
* Fill in the marks and click the Update button.
* Once the mismatch updation is complete, you must lock the packet by clicking the Lock button in the table to finalize it.
* After updating the mismatches and locking the packet, it will be ready to download reports for further submission. 

##### Download Report
After the packet has gone through all the evaluation steps, it will be ready for report generation and further data submission.
 ##### How to Use:
 * To download the report, select the required fields and click on the PTU Final Report button or Print Report button.
 * Clicking on the PTU Final Report button will generate the report in Excel format for submission to PTU as required for autonomous colleges.
 * Clicking on the Print Report button will open a popup to either print the report or save it in PDF format